
Confirmation Bias can be seen in how Robert pushes the narrative of Jacqueline being advantageous over Sonya because she is married. As irrelevant as it 
is, Robert tried to relate her marriage with stability. He also tends to repeatedly lean on the fact that he chose Jacqueline because of her prior sales 
experience. He also tried to use Jacqueline's determination and focus as if Sonya does not have these qualities. Furthermore, he said that Sonya's enthusiasm and energy as trait that may potentially turn their customers off. While these are all based off 
how Robert weighed the pros and cons of getting one candidate over the other one. It seems that these narratives were only used to mask the fact that 
he's leaning towards hiring Jacqueline because of diversity goals for the company as he aims to diversify his workforce. This has always been his main goal and he atempts to support his case by backing it up with irrelevant reasoning.


The halo effect can be seen in how Paul is more inclined on hiring Sonya because of her enthusiastic attitude. While Sonya is also a qualified candidate 
for the position, her enthusiasm and how Paul paul uses it as his case to hire her kind of amplifies her other qualifications which only matched Jacqueline's qualifications. 


The horns effect can be seen in how Paul describes Jacqueline as "standoffish" and he tends to lean on this reasoning to defend his case on hiring 
Sonya instead of comparing their actual qualifications. While Paul perceived Jacqualine as a less unethusiastic than Sonya, It was mentioned that Paul's body language towards Jacqualine was closed during the interview as noticed by Robert. In contrast to that, he was way more positive and engaged with Sonya. As a result, these may have influenced the overall interaction during the interview given the fact that Jacqualine also had an upbeat petsonality. 


The similar-to-me bias may be applicable when Paul told Robert that he has put the team together and he feels like Sonya is a better fit for the team without just reasoning other than the fact that he feels like he knows his team in a way that RObert dont.
Since it was Paul who built and developed his team, the way they do things and the team dynamics may be reflective of how Paul does things or want to do things. Inturn, Paul's seeking for similarities of his his self and his team makes him lean towards Sonya as she appears have more similar traits with his team. I would assume that Paul's team enthusiasm would match Sonya's energy.

2. 

Advantages of Panel Interviews:
1) Different perceptions and opinions towards the candidates reduces the hiring biases compared to one interviewer.  
2) Interviewers are able to diversify their questions. For example, one can concentrate on behavioural and situational questions while the other focuses on technical questions. 
3) interviewers can make a case towards or against a hiring the candidate which gives a balanced arguement to support a final decision.
4) The interviewee can have multiple feedbacks based of different opinions from multiple interviewers. 
5) Decisions are made faster because the assessment of a candidate is a collaborated efforet between the interviewers

Disadvantages of Panel Interviews:
1) If the interviewers have the same biases, this could be dentrimental to the candidate. 
2) It can also slow a decision if the interviewers takes a lot of time defending their cases and hinders their ability to produce a decision on time. 
3) A panel interview may put more pressure on the interviewee as opposed to a 1 on 1 interview
4) It is more costly to do because multiple people are involved. This requires more coordination when it comes to schedule matching
5) It is harder to get comfortable with the interviewee as multiple interviewers means that each of this interviewers only have a limited time with the interviewee.

3. What valid reasons did Robert provide to persuade Paul to choose Jacqueline?

   Robert never persuaded Paul to choose Jacqueline over Sonya. The phrase, "Well, yeah. I can work with anybody. You're the boss" is 
indicative that Paul sort of just accepted Robert's decision. The emotion in his response seem dissatisfied with Jacqualine's hiring. He then 
just added that he can work with anybody to mask this dissatisfaction. Additionally, in the line "you're the boss", he stressed out Robert's role in the company as if he only complied with Robert's decision because he is the CEO/President while maintaining a disappointed tone.
In spite of that, Paul seems to put his case down towards Sonya when Robert planned a sort of probation period of 4 months for Jacqueline. 

   Hiring Jacqueline with diversity in mind is valid because the customer growth of the company are leaning towards a more diverse group of people. On top of this, Roberts want to meet some diversity goals in his company and he felt that hiring Jacqueline could pave 
the way for this
It was also mentioned that study finds people of different ethnicity tend to choose companies that represent diversity within their company and hiring Jacqueline can create this positive impact.
However, while diversity goals had a great impact on Robert's decision, Jacqueline is still well qualified for the job as she still has a good customer service experience, an upbeat personality that is advantageous when reaching 
out to customers and sales experience. Even without diversity as a primary driver for Rob's decision, Jacqueline's selection is still supported by her qualifications for the job. 



  

4. Is Robert’s decision to hire Jacqueline legal?  Why or why not?

Robert's decision was completely legal.There is no indication that there was a reverse discrimination towards Sonya. On the other hand, he was not also overdoing his diversification, in fact, he was
just starting it to try to find a balanced number of diverse workers in his company. There was no indication that Jacqueline was selected solely because of her race and instead, was done based on multiple criteria which
Jacqueline checked more of this boxes than her competition. For example. both candidates are qualified for the job, but Jacqueline had an edge with he rsales experience. Jacqueline's hiring would have justified her hiring with her qualifications alone. Her hiring is also aligned with the company's goal to cater its increasing diverse customers. 
Additionally, Jacqueline would fit Robert's goal of diversifying his workforce, which inturn, could lead to a positive feedback with his diverse customers. It was mentioned that the company lacks diversity
in their management level. It was also mentioned that Paul's team was composed of entirely Caucasian people. This was indicative rthat the company lacksed the diversity it needs to better represent their company. Jacqueline's selection could pave the way for this change just how Robert has envisioned it. Overall, jacqueline's hiring could have a more substantial impact on the company's goal moving forward. 
