The ad begins with a scared woman in a 

In terms of audience impact, funny commercials are more likely to get the audience's attention. 

Thai commercials are known for their funny, dramatic and sometimes unusual way of storytelling in their commercials. It is a big part of their advertising culture. This inturn makes them natural attention grabbers. Thai Health FOundaytion was able to come up with an ad that could potentially raise awareness and nudge 
the importance of baby check ups. The ad's target market are parents, and the ad aims to increase motivation when it comes to health checkup decisions.  The ad used a novelty approach in their ad as they involved highly unusual scenes. 




The story elements gives us a gimplse on how culture and beliefs can be integrated in the content of of advertisements 
and ultimately influence consumer decisions. The ad started with a setting that comes straight out of a typical horror movie. 
They used elements like a dark room, Static TV, and suspense music to use a fear appeal to its audience. It then shifed to a scene which 
features an unusual looking baby. a pale, exagerratedly white skinned baby that looked something like a ghost. As people try to make sense of the baby's appearance,
selective perceptions arise and people dtermine if it is pleasant or unpleasant for them. 

In some asian countries, white is often associated with ghosts. This relation can be indicative of Cultural Synaesthesia wherein 
it may have influenced the horror narrative of the ad by using the baby to play the role of a ghost. After that, they connected the baby's unusual pale color to Anemia. An illness 
where a person does not have enough red blood cells. One of the symptoms of this illness is a pale skin color hence, the "white symptom". It was followed by a scene where the baby's ears shrinked until 
it was gone. This scene was likely used as a metaphoric comparison for hearing loss. The unusual color and the shrinking ear were used as a fantasy element to mirror the the Thai's white symptom belief. The words " in reality" were 
then used to try to differentiate the fantasy element from whats happening in reality in which they were trying to communicate that these things (White skinned baby and shrinking ear) does not happen in real life. This invokes
cognitive dissonance to the audience, 


The ad culminated with a doctor inside the clinic role playing the health checkup. This scene After that, the "Get a Health Checkup" banner together with the company logo and website was shown towards the end of the ad. This 
technique may be effective in using the recency effect, wherein they take advantage of the fact that this cognitive bias makes a person recall the last thing they see and hear. In turn, this may influence the positioning of the brand 
in the consumers' heads and could likely affect how they  decide on their baby's checkup.




The commercial was able to convey its message to its audience. However, the commercial may have a different interpretation outside of Thailand and may be deemed as inappropriate. 
With regards to the baby's alteration of skin color, racial issues may potentially arise as some countries are more sensitive to this issue as skin color is a relevant social issue in diverse countries. 
Thais have a cultural belief of the "white symptom" while other parts of the world rarely, or even never heard of this. This ad is less likely to receive backlash from a homogenous society like Thailand where culture and psychographics of the majority are aligned.


